Lecture 4- Features Of Java
there are 10 features ofr java 
1.simple
2.object oriented
3.platform independent
4.architecture netural
5.portal
6.robust
7.secure
8.high performance
9.mutli threaded
10.distrubted

1.simple 
java is very easy to learn as its syntx is very simple.
It's Syntx is based on C++.(easier for people already familiar with it)
No complicated features like pointers,operator,overloading etc
Automatic Garbage collection to remove unreferenced objects 

2.object oriented
java is object oriented programming language.
object oriented programming is better than procedural programming because it provides great flexibility,modularity,clarity,and reusability.
OOp's is more secure as it provides data hiding features.

3.platform independent
"Write once run anywhere"feature of java makes it platform independent.it allows a java program to run on any operating system like windows,linux,mac or solaris.
an additional layers (class file)is added in java to achieve platform independence.
JVM-Java Virtual Machine

4.architecture netural
java has an essiental feature that allows the applications to run easily on different machines with different hardware architecture.
in java it occupies 4 bytes of memory for both 32 and 64-bitar chitecture.

5.portable
the platofrm indepence and architecture netural features of java makes it portable 
Portable because it facilitates to carry the java bytecode to any platform.

6.robust
robust means strong/reliable.
java has eliminated certain types of error prone programming constructs that are found in other languages.
java has a strong memory allocation and garbage collection mechanism.


7.secure
java is best known for its security.
java does not use pointers explicitly.
java programs run under an area known as the Sand Box.
the byte code verifier checks the classes after loading.

8.High performance
java is faster than other traditional interpreted progtamminglanguages because java bytecode is "close" to native code.


9.Muti-threaded
Mutltithreading means a single program having different independent taska to be performed independently at the same time.
multithreading is particulalry useful in server applications, a server can serve multiple clents at the same time.
in java, threads can be created in two ways: by extending Threads class abd by implementing Runnable interface.

10.distrubted
in distrubted computing, several computers work together on a network.
this features of java makes us able to acces files by calling the methods from any machine on the internet.
